No crazy. You know, um, we were talking about Alex Jones.
Platform. Yeah.
I mean, it seems to be like across the board,
like there, it's almost the weighted for apple. It seems like.
And when apple pulled them from iTunes, then you know, YouTube, uh,
danced with it. Right. They'd given him some strikes.
It was really recently like within the last couple of months. Yeah.
Facebook had given him some strikes and YouTube gave him some strikes and people
were like, Hey, you know, there was some, I felt like almost like unfounded,
um, speculation that they would remove him from the platform.
Like they're an African and remove him. That's crazy. That's too far.
And then all of a sudden, boom, everybody in one fell swoop,
Spotify, Spotify remove him. They were going to, they did right.
I tunes removed him. But there's a loophole though that somebody,
I saw an article today where people want nothing but less than total
destruction, uh, I, that apple, uh,
attacked Alex Jones and got rid of him.
But they offered him a safety net in the form of the app that he has on their,
their app store. That they're still,
so they're trying to take that down to like take down. Yeah.
His, his show became instantly way more popular. Oh, I'm sure. So,
and the unintended consequences, I try to tell people that, uh, you know,
I'm not defending Alex Jones, I'm defending, you know,
the principle of freedom of speech. You know,
people who are convicted of killers who were on death row,
they still get their freedom of speech.
You're allowed to print articles and they're allowed to have,
you know what I mean? They're still allowed to, well, he's allowed.
To no, I mean, he does, he hasn't been silenced. He has his website,
but he could put his show out on his website.
He can host it from his website and it could all be fine.
But these major media companies, now,
they just decided we've had enough. We don't want this on. And here's the thing,
like, I don't know what he said, that,
that they w that was the straw that broke the camel's back.
It seemed like it's not a recent statement that he said, let's.
Just go to the court transcripts and we'll figure out, oh,
there wasn't there wasn't a co oh, there was no hearing or nothing.
There wasn't a judicial hearing. There was no, come on. They do. They just want,
they, they let some JAG off billionaire in the middle of the night on a whim.
do this. Is that what happened?
Do you think that's what it is that was some billionaire?
Or do you think it's the middle managers and the PR you know,
the executives at all these giant tech companies that just decided, okay.
Um, I don't know. It's, it's definitely, uh,
the government tells Facebook, uh, what to do a lot of times. Right?
And so they bow to the government all the time.
Cause they don't want to be regulated. So, uh, that's why they just,
they just started having hearings with, that's why they had those hearings.
Should we regulate Facebook? Right. Those.
Hearings by the way, were bizarre.
It was like a guy pretending to be human. You know,
it was like some sort of a robot or an alien, the way he would sip water,
he would take like this and like who sips water.
It was like a guy spitting dip into a glass. He would go like this.
It was the weirdest little sips.
Someone should make it compilation of Zuckerberg, sips of water.
That.
Guy who makes the compilations of your show. He does a good job.
He does a funny job on those Zuckerberg impression.
Okay.
No Senator, no, sir. There, watch this. Watch that sip.
Give me another one of those. Oh, there is one. They have them,
there is a drinking water copulation.
Course. Oh my God. Watch.
Him sip. Who sips water like that. It's like, he has to think about it.
Yeah. Act normal. Be human humans, drink water, drink the water.
How slowly he tilted.
That glass and him and the guy behind him have the same color.
Mm mm that's. That's the guy that they're going to shoot in the head.
Keeping eye contact while he's drinking the water. It's kind of weird.
Just trying to, at least you just won't be disrespectful.
This is fantastic.
That that whole thing was so strange. It was so.
Or guide to, uh, to keep,
to protect us from fake news and tell us what's real news. And, uh,
and you know,
who has integrity and what doesn't then a guy who made a couple of billion
dollars off of stolen idea from his friends. I mean,
I think that's the perfect guy to say. That's a true story.
Is that what he actually did? Yeah, I think so. That's in the movie, right?
That was in the movie. That's what I know. I didn't see the movie. Oh, okay.
Yeah. I know the story though, was that he ripped people off.
That it wasn't his idea, but he was the one who figured out a way to wrestle it.
Yeah. Uh, I don't know, get rich as.
But this is, uh, TB wrote an article on the second,
uh, August 2nd about this. And um,
there's been a lot of people being the platform from Facebook that you don't
know about. Like this isn't like, okay. Uh, okay. So, um, here's,
here's what he's they shut down lots of other sites at the behest of the
government and Israel like the, and the Atlantic council.
So pages like black elevation, they got shut down a page called bind,
full being. They got shut down. Uh, Facebook also wiped out,
no unite the right to it,
which is a page appearing to advertise a counter rally on the upcoming unit
anniversary of the violence in Charlottesville.
So they shut that down to Matt Taibbi.
Let me just give you a quick quote from his article.
He says Facebook was helped in its efforts to wipe out these dangerous memes by
the Atlantic council on whose board you'll find confidence,
inspiring names like Henry Kissinger, CIA, chief, Michael Hayden,
former acting CIA had Michael Morel and former Bush era Homeland security,
chief Michael Chertoff.
These people now have their hands on what is essentially a direct lever over
nationwide news distribution. It's hard though,
to state the potential mischief that lurks behind this union of internet
platforms and would be government censors at,
can I just read you one more paragraph? Cause this is,
this is exactly what we're talking about.
He says it is already a scandal that these defacto private media regulators have
secret algorithmic processes that pushed down some news organizations in favor
of others,
which they do witness the complaints by outlets like alternate truth dig and
others.
That big platforms have been deemphasizing alternative sites in the name of
combating fake news. But this week's revelation is worse.
When Facebook works with the government and want to want to be star chamber
organizations like the Atlantic council to delete sites on national security
grounds using secret methodology,
it opens the door to nightmare possibilities that you'd only find in dystopian
novels. So he goes on and it's, it's awesome what he says, but, um,
we would have more.
Comfort if they would. I mean,
there's no like one of the things that they're doing is they use that blanket
term hate speech.
So by the way, so now they're, they're trying to put a bill,
have you heard about this in Congress to make police a protected class of
people? So if you say about them now it's considered hate speech.
Did you know that? Yeah. They're trying to make peop yes.
The police would be considered hate speech. So they would.
Just retroactively arrest NWA. They could, but it was a cop killer. Remember?
Right.
Cop killer.
Now, if you do have a rally that's against the police,
that's a hate rally and they can take your YouTube channel down.
If you said hate stuff about the cops and stuff. So that's where we are.
Hate speech, the. How come I'm not allowed to hate, by the way,
I hate Nazis. Can I say I hate Nazis. I hate the KKK. Can I say I hate them?
That's hate speech.
Aye. You strongly dislike the KKK. You can strongly dislike something.
When I was a kid, I hated the Dodgers.
I know it's speech because I was a Cubs fan and the Dodgers always kicked out
it's fish. Yeah. Hate speech.
Is a strange blanket term. Almost like drugs, like drugs is caffeine,
but it's also heroin. You know, it's like drugs. I don't understand what it is.
There's hate out.
There. So what, so what's wrong. So by the way, I.
In a bad way of expressing things like hate speech is it's,
it's not a good descriptive because I agree when you, when you stop,
what does it entail? Like, you know, I had a conversation with a woman, uh,
at YouTube about Sam Harris and, um, uh,
Douglas Murray in a podcast where they had had, um,
a conversation and someone put it on their YouTube channel in their playlist,
just put it in their playlist. And they got a community guidelines. I asked,
I asked why and the woman said very cleanly. It was hate speech. And I said,
what are you talking about? I go, did you listen to it?
Or is it two intellectuals?
So there's two public intellectuals discuss discussing immigration.
And some of the problems that Europe is having right now,
and you decided that that's hate speech and you don't even know what they said,
but that, but the fact that she so confidently described it in that way,
sort of it sort of embodies what this problem is,
is that they have these blanket terms.
They were out to throw on problems and there's a million other fires to put out.
So there's no more need to put any more consideration to this.
This guy has a problem. This is problematic. This is hate speech, shut it down.
And people don't realize how bad it is feral you do. Cause you know this story,
but people go, oh good for Alex Jones. He shouldn't be able to do that stuff.
What he's doing, not good. I'm like,
do not understand that this is the shot across the bow.
That if they can do this to Alex Jones, that they're coming,
I've already been trashed by the establishment media, by the Washington post,
by CNN.
I've already been equated to pedophiles and those kinds of things and conspiracy
theorists. And I put in articles with Alex Jones. They've done it to me.
So because I tell the truth about the war, right? And so.
Uh, the.
Antidote to bad speech, if you really hate what Alex Jones is doing,
the antidote to bad speech is not censorship.
The antidote to bad speech is more speech. If you think of what speech,
if you think what Alex Jones is doing, needs to be debunked,
create a Facebook page called to bunking, Alex Jones and debunk him. You know,
Kyle Kalinsky does that kind of stuff all the time.
People do that stuff all the time. That's how you convert.
If you're afraid of an idea, you don't shut down the idea.
You expose the idea. But.
If you have a private platform and you own this and you start a business and
your businesses putting up YouTube videos and you decide that someone is
putting up something that's hurtful and damaging and racist,
and it could be used to attack large groups of people.
And then you see like all the craziness that's been connected to the
alt-right movement. And you associate that with this individual.
Do you have to keep that on your platform? I mean,
there's no regulation right now. It's not like.
Public utilities, right? It should be though. That's my point.
My point is that 70% of the people get their news from Google and Facebook and
there are monopoly, right? So they have monopolistic powers and he presents,
yeah. That's that was a, that was a stat I read today. So you can't,
uh, it's like, well, I don't know if I believe it. Hey, they took,
they took stress. Yeah. They took distress.
Stress.
It's a lot it's if it says 45% of the people get it straight from Facebook,
that means 150 million people are on Facebook every single day.
Yeah. Yeah. I think that's not accurate. No, but I think that's right. Well, we,
we don't.
That's three people in this room.
Aren't so that's the three people right here that.
Aren't. But I get my news from Google. Well,
I have that Google app on my phone and every,
every day I go to it in the morning when I'm taking a and I go over like,
what's crazy today what's happened. Oh, new Porsche coming out.
One sentence like that. Sasha Baron Cohen do one sentence.
Let's see what they said. I just.
Looked at that's what it said. 45%. I get it from, from a Facebook too.
Is it a Gallup poll? It was it according to their stats.
And I went back to read another rolling stone article to find out where,
and it's a bunch of like a Facebook article selling advertisements,
trying to find the data. So even.
Even, even if you quibble with those, you,
we can't deny like Alex Jones cannot now go, well,
just go to the other YouTube there. Isn't in the residential.
You hate just go to the other Facebook there isn't another.
So we have to recognize that the way we are organized as a society,
that the town square is now owned by corporations who that need to be regulated.
Right? Like if like before, you know,
when at and T was the phone carrier for everybody, they couldn't go.
I'm not going to give Alex Jones a phone service because I don't like the
saying, right? So, you know, we, you can't deny services, somebody,
all that stuff. It's not really.
A valid comparison because the phone service wasn't distributed information to
people, right? The phone service is just a method of communication.
It was just a utility with what he's able to do through, uh,
info wars is if you've got them on your platform, he's gonna say some things.
And he's going to use your platform to say some things that, you know,
might not be true. It might be crazy.
So you gotta decide like when does it become a problem?
And I think where they drew the line was Sandy hook.
Here's what I say, Joe. Uh,
we need to treat these as public utilities because they are right Facebook.
There is no alternative. There is an alternative to YouTube.
We need to regulate them. It's a long overdue by the way.
And they are monopolies there. It's obvious to everyone that they're monopolies.
But you know, when you,
when you invent something called WhatsApp and then Facebook buys it for $20
billion, there's a monopoly. There's no way. There's no way to,
to compete with these people. So these are monopolies.
They need to be regulated and people that need to be protected. And it, it,
that's how, that's where we need to go.
Because right now we're leaving it up to the whims of a billion. Like you say,
Hey,
if Alex Jones really did some that was wrong and he should be taken off or his
free speech should be a bridge for it, do it. Let's see, go,
go to a court or go to a thing or go, people go, well,
he docks his people and he is, if doxing is illegal, he should be prosecuted.
If that's what happened, but you shouldn't take away. Did he docks people?
That's what they're saying. They're saying he's died. He'd won it.
He docs to people from Newtown or whatever, uh, from the school shooting.
So that's what they're talking about.
The individuals that he gave their addresses and their names.
That's what they are saying that he died. Let's.
Find out if he actually did that, because that sounds cool.
I, I I'm S I don't know if he did, but.
Saying what he actually did. This is what's crazy. I keep hearing that he,
um, promoted the idea that Sandy hook was a
false,
it was false and that it was a false flag and that these were all actors.
Right? I don't know if he actually said that. I think what he actually said was,
I don't know if that happened. I think that's what he actually said.
And people are saying, well, that's promoting the idea that, that it was a hoax,
but I want to know if that's what he really said. See,
I don't know if that's even the case. Cause I've heard it.
I've heard it written that he promoted the idea that Sandy hook was a
conspiracy, but they're not quoting the, when they say that there's no quotes,
there's no hook was a hoax. Those kids were actors.
Those kids are not dead. I don't see that anywhere. Right.
But they keep attributing that to him.
Quotation. But again, if this, if there was some kind of process due process,
we could go back and look at the transcript. And we would know.
Not only that if during this whole time where he's being tried,
he was still labeled to be on YouTube and have his videos.
He could show in his videos that he didn't say that he could show what he
actually said and tell you what he actually said and show clips.
He can't do that anymore.
So now the narrative is completely in the hands of the mainstream media,
a hundred percent.
So the Alex Jones narrative is being taken 100% out of his hands.
And now it's in the mainstream media. And now there's Sandy hook, denier,
conspiracy, theorist, right-wing lunatic, all these different things,
which may or some of it. I mean, Alex, pretty nuts.
It's my, my, my point is, uh, we've had nuts people with,
I still have that when I was a kid. Joe,
maybe you remember Johnny Carson used to go about the national Inquirer. Yes.
Do you remember that? And it was a big deal.
He would stop his show and I'm putting my foot down about this.
They still have the national and nobody said, take it out of the supermarkets.
Nobody was like,
we got to ban that newspaper because we can't handle the ideas from this
newspaper. They're still right. There you go to Ralph's they're right there.
They're the last thing you see before they leave.
They're right at the eye level for kids. Nobody.
What says take away the national inquiry. I went to Facebook.
They still have a Facebook page. National Inquirer. Yes.
So is the world news daily and you know what?
The first news news story was that came up on the world. News dailies was, uh,
a, a British man can only dedicate through his mouth.
That was the first story that came up. The first story,
you don't have to look for it. British red deprecates case through his Bob.
And I'm like.
Dude, this is, this is like south park. Yeah. And it's.
Not like you want them to be taken down as well. But it's,
what's interesting is like world news daily and star magazine,
all those they've sort of been, they're a joke. Like, you know, it's not real,
you know, the Inquirer's not real, but we know that, but it's not. It's,
it's just, somebody is buying those, nobody's buying those. Right.
But are they buying,
are they kind of buying them fun and somebody watches professional wrestling
here. It goes. Lawsuit, quotes, Jones sayings. Yeah.
So Sandy hook is a synthetic completely fake is,
is a synthetic completely fake with actors in my view,
manufactured. Okay. I would show the video January,
right? January 13th, 2015.
The lawsuit quotes Joan saying. Yeah. So Sandy. Yeah.
So Sandy hook is a synthetic completely fake with actors.
My view manufactured. Um, yeah. You,
yeah.
That you actually nail that impression. I spent a lot of time with that dude.
Drunk. There's a he's um, like that's, that's.
A real problem saying something like that. It's crazy. But he's he's look, he,
his whole business is saying things that are sometimes right.
And saying things that are sometimes absolutely wrong, you know? And,
and that's, and it's all wild and it's all globalists.
And you ever see that song that they did where these guys took his actual words
and rants, but then they have like this like emo song singing the words.
No, it's genius. When we get pulled over off of YouTube, if we play that,
let's find out if we get yanked for this one. Cause it's brilliant because it's,
it's a parody, but it's.
So it's so Indy folk song. Yeah. You said email's fine enough. There's.
Two indie folk emo you know, some low testosterone music.
Play. Listen to this, listen, listen, listen this. And that's.
Why we're just under doing simple things,
pointing out that we're meant to be in nature and be natural.
And this is where we find the source that God made to transcend the new world
order. And that's why they want to try to keep us out of it. Watch this
[inaudible] Oh, you're taking the audio off
Alex Jones,
rants as an indie folk song for people that are just listening to this.
You got to Google this because we removed the sound from YouTube. Oh,
okay.
Hey babies.
You want to eat babies? We love saying we want to eat babies. I have the one.
Video. That's just what you just said. I have Hillary good, not village.
[inaudible]
this
post smell like sulfur.
This is song literal fab, Pyre, pot,
belly, goblins.
Come on. Oh, well my God
[inaudible]
I, you know, I think.
There's something, there's something about his struggle right now.
That's representative of the chaotic world that we live in,
that, that he does have this giant voice than he does is they have this giant
following and that it is this, this is actual words,
come out and song like that and are so hysterical.
And that they think that somehow or another yanking,
this guy off all these platforms is going to like remove it.
Do they understand the Streisand effect?
Cause this is just going it's there's going to be another way.
But what's the Streisand effect. Barbara Streisand had a house in Malibu,
just giant house. And he took pictures of it and she went ape and you know,
complained to all these, you know,
newspapers and complained to the police and everything that they're taking
photos of her house and get the outta here. This is Barbara Streisand.
And because of that, it became a giant story that Barbara Streisand is.
If someone's showing her house and they're like, wow,
it must be a hell of a house. Where is it? And then there it is.
The Streisand effect is a phenomenon.
There's the house whereby an attempt to hide, remove or sensor.
A piece of information has the unintended consequence of publicizing the
information more wildly, usually facilitated by the internet. Okay. Yeah.
[Inaudible] no, I thought you guys
[inaudible].
But on print again, people may make the false equate. Oh, you're defending Alex,
Joe, I'm not defending, you're defending free speech. I'm defending free speech.
And I understand the argument that, Hey, it's a private corporation. I get that.
I get that. But if you took a look at the bigger picture, the should be,
everyone thinks the internet should be a public utility. I mean, most people do.
And that's what they're upset that they're not treating it like a public utility
Obama administration did. They decided to at the last minute.
And so if you think the internet should be a public utility,
I think YouTube and Facebook should be a public utility also.
And there's th there's an opening for.
Other people to make their own YouTube, like make a version of it.
If you have sufficient capital.
Right. She don't and there's and if you do start it, they'll just buy you out.
Like,
like I just showed you the example of WhatsApp with they give you 20 night with
$19 billion on whatever they paid for. It was some crazy.
So that's a just eat up their competition right now.
We need a Teddy Roosevelt to come along and break up all these monopolies.
It's never going to happen. Uh, the end of the empire is coming. So here's.
The question like, is there a valid parallel,
a valid comparison? Like,
are there people that have things that are more hateful that are on YouTube that
have been de platformed?
Is it the influence that he has that that's terrifying?
Is it the fact that he's a figurehead for this kind of stuff?
Is that what it is like that he's the,
this whole info wars movement is in some people's mind that figure
head for this pro Trump thing that they're trying to stop and silence. Like,
what is.
It? I don't know. It's very curious that it all happened at the same time.
Right. And because there's a, there's a, um, in 1996,
there was a law passed that actually, um,
insulates the platforms from being sued. Did you know that? So like.
So if someone puts up something and.
So like say he puts something up that leads to someone getting killed right on
Facebook, you can't Sue you can't Sue YouTube, you Sue Facebook for it.
That's in that 1996 law. Um, so there's that.
So I get that they're a private company, but again,
they have to have the protection of the law. They have Congress protecting them.
So they have a certain, that's a certain,
that's a type of regulation you're regulated from you. Can't Sue them. Right.
So I'm looking for this tweet by Glenn Greenwald. That really,
because if we're going to take down, uh, here, I'll find it. I'll find it. Um,
here it is. He says, um,
there's been a tactic of censors for centuries.
They start with someone who is so utterly hated and marginalized that everyone
is blinded by their hatred for the first censorship target that they cheer and
forget that they're endorsing a principle and power that will then expand.
And so right now they came for the Jews right now, we're allowing, uh,
the whim of billionaires in the middle of the night to decide who gets to be on
these monopolistic platforms and who doesn't. If there was 10 YouTube,
no one would care, but there isn't, there's one YouTube.
There's one Facebook and they are monopolies.
And that's the world we live in right now.
And that's why they are doing whatever the government wants them to because they
don't want the government to regulate them.
That's why he went there and was sipping the water like that and trying to make
eye contact and be nice. Cause he doesn't want them to regulate him.
He'll do it for I'll do Julian Assange in 2010 gave a speech,
which I saw recently on a plane where he predicted this. He was like,
the corporations are an extension of the government and they will do the
censorship in the future. And that's exactly what's happening right now.
The thing is the government.
Is censoring Alex Jones.
Cause I would think that the government that's in power currently would want to
keep Alex Jones in position. Cause he's a supporter of Trump.
He's a supporter of, you know, why.
Does, so why does, why is Trump going after Julian Assad?
Just because he's afraid he'll expose him someday.
Why is he allowing the CIA to do that? To go after Julian massage?
And do you know that just shows you how the journalists are in America because
not one of them were standing up for Gillian and signs.
And they're all pretending that when Trump says mean things about Jim Acosta,
that somehow that's this unbelievable violation of our freedom and our press.
And he's got you son of a. You don't care.
If you cared about freedom of the press,
you would say something about Julian Assange. And no one is saying,
what lie has Juliana sons' ever printed? Nah, never, never, never.
What did Juliana sons do?
He revealed that our election was being rigged by the democratic party,
not Russia, but by the democratic party. And that is a sin. You can't commit.
You can not tell the truth about the powerful and that's what's happening right
now. And uh, you know, he, he revealed the CIA in, in, um,
has all those spine techniques that they can get your TV to listen to you,
your phone, uh, vault seven, all that stuff he revealed.
That's why they want to get him. But I, and Trump, you know,
I just think that Trump is just, you know, he's not really clued in,
right? He's lets other,
he's glad to let the generals do the job and his underlings.
He doesn't really want, he wants paint,
broad strokes and lets everyone you want to kill Julian sons, go ahead.
I don't give a F that's. I think how he feels,
I don't think it's his plan to do it,
but everybody else underneath him wants to do.
And certainly the intelligence community and everyone forgets this.
Chuck Schumer went on Rachel Maddow show like two years ago and right out in
public said that Trump is making a mistake by crossing the intelligence
community. Because when you mess with them,
they have six ways to Sunday to mess with you back. Holy. And nobody cared that.
He said that.
So what he's saying is the president should be afraid of unelected, spooks,
unelected bureaucrats. These, they should be each should be afraid of them.
That is. And no one went what,
what the F could you imagine saying that about Barack Obama? Hey,
Barack Obama better be nice to the CIA. They're going to F with him.
As an elected official. Yes. Someone does elected officials saying that almost,
almost sanctioning it.
Yes.
And then we have Eugene Robinson in the Washington post writing an articles,
begging the deep state to undermine about Trump's foreign policy.
Did you see that article? Yes. Pulitzer prize winner.
First they spend all their life denying.
There is a deep state and then new gene Robinson writes an article begging the
deep state to defy president, uh, president Trump. Why is that?
So blinded by ideology that they don't see the consequences of this story.
Unintended consequences. And here they are and they're coming.
They've already come for me. They're already coming for the left. This is how,
this is how this works. So again,
that's why I warn all my friends about the Russia gate nonsense. Chomsky said,
if you care about the people meddling in our election,
Russia would be the last place I would look.
The first place to look is concentrated capital. That's what dictates,
who are going to be our government.
That's why we don't have the things the rest of the world has because we have a
capital has captured our government,
which is why we don't have Medicare for all,
which is why we don't have free college,
which is why we don't have an infrastructure plan, which is why we're in a wars.
Meanwhile, people have the country's poor, low income.
63% of the country can't afford a thousand dollars emergency.
And a quarter of all kids are in poverty in the richest country, in the world.
Joe, what do you call a system that takes the richest country in the world and
renders half of its population, poor or low income. That's a failed system.
And that's what we're living in right now. And it's failing worldwide. Now.
If you were someone like Google though, or, uh, who owns YouTube,
or if you were iTunes or any of these platforms that have Spotify,
when you get an overwhelming volume of complaints about someone
who's in the news right now,
because the fact that Alex Jones is being sued by the Sandy hook parents.
This is what started this all off because it means to people.
This is so gracious. These poor parents lost their children.
And here's the sky.
It's horrible saying that it's fake and that they don't want that on their
platform.
So would you think that they should just delete the episode that has that,
that says that, should they do that or should they allow that episode?
The stream? I, so, uh, here's this there's a solution. If, if there's,
if he did do something in a video that is illegal, uh,
take that video down until it gets adjudicated,
you don't see platform a hundred. You don't give him the death penalty.
Right. So, okay. What about like storm front?
What have you got like some white supremacist group that's calling for violence
against people. You do, you take them down? I.
Think you would, again, you would have to.
I would like to see in some kind of adjudication, you know, again, I, the blank,
good policies.
And things saying things like hate speech.
So interpretation. And by just a week ago, mark Zuckerberg was defending it.
He was defending that, that we have Holocaust deniers on our platform,
Holocaust deniers, Joe. And that's not fake news. That's not going to,
you're not going to take that down. Like I just told you,
they have guys deprecating out of their mouth. They have this, they,
they ha they have the, the, the, the, uh, the national Enquirer.
They're still cool. So this is a very squiggly line, Joe. And again, there's,
there's no board, there's no adjudication. It's not transparent. Transparent.
It's not rational either. This is not, this is not a rational debate.
Uh, let me just the sheer,
let me just give you one more thing about what he says when, uh,
this is Matt Taibbi.
He says the sheer market power of these companies over information flow has
always been the real threat.
This is why breaking them up should have long ago become a national priority.
Instead,
as was obvious during the Senate hearing with mark Zuckerberg earlier this year,
politicians are more interested in using then curtailing the power of
these companies. The platform for their part will cave rather than be regulated.
The end game clear, couldn't be clearer.
This is how authoritarians marriages begin.
And people should be very worried. They should be worried.
They should be worried, especially if this does escalate.
I understand that people who believe that he's a
Sandy hook denier, and they read those words.
They don't want him to have a platform.
They don't want them to be able to spread that hate. And they understand,
I understand that they would feel like,
imagine being one of those parents and you lost your kid. And you're, you're,
you're seeing this guy on TV or on YouTube saying, it's all fake. It's,
it's outrageous. And it's repulsive. I agree. It's offensive. And I get that.
But I think it's.
It's, it's very dangerous.
It's very dangerous to silence people that may or may
not have any other recourse in terms of like,
he doesn't have the ability to defend himself.
He doesn't have the ability to make a video about it unless he puts it on his
own website. And then who's going to watch it like this,
the stuff that they're doing with YouTube, it's just.
It's a slippery slope.
You know? And especially when they use these terms, like hate speech.
They're not like, when you say, like, what are they saying?
They saying that he violated their terms, correct? Yes. So what is,
what are those terms that he violated and what is the specific violation?
Like what are the words that he said where you were like, enough is enough?
And if that's the case,
how did you let him get away with saying all this other for years and years?
And w when, when do you draw this line? Like just that video that we played,
you know, they smell like sulfur, they eat it. They want to eat babies.
They're screaming. I love Satan. And they one, he babies like, whoa,
where does the line get drawn? I just, I don't, I don't think,
I don't think that should be up to subjectivity.
I think that should be a, a very, very hard question.
That's answered with very clear facts.
You should have an adversarial judicial process with an impartial judge or jury.
Right. And how.
Would you even get someone impartial instead?
They have in-house decide decisions.
Well, you heard that. I mean,
you heard Matt Tabby does delineate the people who are involved in this stuff.
And by the way, Facebook's taken down pages of people who are Palestinians,
because the Israeli government tells them to, and they knew it.
Do you know about that? Right? I had heard about that. Yes. Yeah.
So there that's them doing the bidding, the government says,
take a doll can take a dollar. They don't get the free speech. Okay.
Cause I don't want the government to get mad at me.
Cause we're making so much money right now.
I don't want the government to get mad at us.
That's what Facebook and you do was doing.
See if I.
Would like that. If someone, you know,
I'm not saying that no one should be taken down.
If someone's calling for the death of all black people and like,
maybe this is not a good place to give them a platform.
But I feel like the problem that I'm having with this is these
things like air quotes, hate speech,
because I told you that they said that about Sam Harrison, Douglas Murray.
Now that is crazy. So when does it stop being hate speech? Like when,
when do you draw the line? When it's, is it mildly offensive?
Is that hate speech? Like, where's it go? Where does it go go?
Were you allowed to hate people? I don't understand why I don't get that.
Do you get this? I'm not being a Dick. I honestly,
why aren't you allowed to hate things? Right. Well, I don't,
I understand that calling.
For action, I think is the.
Call for action. Might be, I mean, I guess it's a legal term, right? Um,
this is not legal.
Term though, that when they blanket things with hate speech,
like we were saying, like calling something, a drug, this is an illegal drug.
Well, what if caffeine becomes an illegal drug then? Is that the same as meth?
It's clearly not. There's different things.
So when you say hate speech and you also lumped Douglas Murray having an
intellectual conversation with Sam Harris about immigration, you lump that in.
Well.
That's the kind of what I'm talking about.
And so did you know that right before 4th of July, there was a newspaper.
I think it was in Texas. And so they wanted to, for the 4th of July,
they wanted to post the declaration of independence.
So they posted the first half of it. Did you know about this?
Facebook gave him a strike for hate speech, hate speech. They gave him a strike.
And so now they're like, they were like, that.
Was an algorithm though, right. That picked up some of the phrases and.
Phrasing in there about slavery and stuff like that.
And them being animals or something like that. I don't know.
Something like that. I'm not sure what it was, but,
and then the newspaper said now afraid to post the second half of the
declaration because we'll get a second strike and they might pull our whole
page. Yeah. So th again,
they released that strike. Correct. So, so yeah. So what is this pill?
What is this idea that I need a nanny state to protect me from ideas? Well,
I think they're.
Worried about the power of propaganda and it's just,
they don't know exactly what the consequences of suppressing that power
propaganda are. I think that's, that's really the primary issue there.
Worry that a guy like Alex Jones already has this massive following is what
he's done by calling Sandy hook fake may, may be awful. I believe it is,
but is it enough to completely de platform him? And how,
how are they, how are they justifying?
And if it was, let's say it was, let's just say you and I agree that it is okay.
The shouldn't shouldn't there still be some kind of a process. There should be.
That's what I'm saying. It shouldn't be, even if we agreed. And again,
I hate that. I hate it as much as you hate it,
I'm with you and that people are going to, I know Joe,
last time I was on your show, I said, I said,
people are going to take what I'm saying right now and twist it.
And that's exactly what they did to me last night. So I'm sure people did,
who took it and twisted it. I don't want.
Going to elevate. You don't have to name names, but what did they do?
They said they twisted what we were. So when we were talking about Seth rich,
they twisted. And I said, you know,
all I did was cover it on my show until this day.
People still say I was pushing it. I do a new show. I covered it.
But even discussing it, and even you can't even describe, like,
it couldn't cover it, couldn't discuss it. And that,
and so that's exactly what happened.
How many cut me saying that and cut some other stuff and put it together.
And I was like, son of a, but you still, what are you going to do? Right.
So what are you gonna do? So, um, so I just want people to know this is, again,
I'm just as offended as everybody I'm saying,
we need to have these things be public utilities for a lot of reasons. And that,
um, you know exactly what Matt Taibbi said, what the,
the end game here is very clear and they want to be able to censor people.
They want to be able to sensor and of the first people are going to come after
his left-wing organizations, they're gonna come after black lives matter.
They're coming, they've already come after left. He's like.
Why do they think they're going to come after black lives matter?
What do you mean there? They hate speech against the police. You kidding me?
They already said they're controlled by the Russians who.
Dang, who is they saying that? And who's they gonna come after them?
What do you mean by that?
Well, the FBI will infiltrate them there. I'm sure they already have, you know,
how that works. So you know how all that stuff works.
So that's how that stuff works. And, um,
and then just credit them and then they,
they will commit violence in their name and say, oh, look,
black lives matters are violent. No, that was a cop doing it, you know?
And then, you know how that, that's what happened up in dapple. You know,
that's the kind of stuff they do up there. And then that gets your provocateurs.
Exactly. Right. So by.
The way, I learned about that from Alex Jones.
So that's the problem with Alex Jones. He's right about stuff.
Sometimes. Well, he was way more right about stuff in the past,
Alex himself. And I've talked to him about this says he's drinks too much,
and he's getting too crazy.
He needs to go on a diet and exercise and start getting his life in order.
And he takes things too far sometimes. And he thinks she takes out of the rails.
He goes off the rails. Like he, he and I had a conversation,
but he got mad at me for saying that I didn't think George Soros was a Nazi.
And so he had this whole thing.
We ranted Ray and then we talked back and forth and he apologized. And,
you know, he said, I sometimes take things too far. I'm talking to aliens.
Um, I didn't say that,
but I think he recognizes that sometimes he's just caught up
in that cycle of outrage, that cycle of outrage. It's just,
there's no room for, for like,
there's no room to step back.
And to sort of reset is it's just constant outrage constantly
under attack.
And then there's these words that get thrown around that sort of lose their
meaning, like globalists, you know, and shills and, and,
and, you know, and this, this sort of like attitude that there's, this,
there's this cabal of evil that is trying to
take, take over the world. And at one point,
Alex had this idea that they were going to try to kill off most people.
And you remember that I heard about,
there was this idea that they wanted to a youth and I, it was genocide.
They wanted to,
they wanted to break it down to what is the word where they talk about doing
that to talk about reducing the population.
There's like some sort of a conspiracy theorist term of reduction of population
to sustainable number of super evil geniuses that could live forever.
And they wanted to get it down to like, you know,
500 million people worldwide that can live for a million years or some crazy.
But I think that that's that whole cycle of like
constant outrage and everything's a conspiracy and you
get just whack whacked out and caught up in it.
If you go back to Alex's earlier videos,
I met Alex in 98, I believe. And back then,
Alex was, he was going after George W. Bush when George W.
Bush was running for president. And he was saying that this guy is, he's a,
he's a puppet. And that he's a puppet of the CIA. And, you know, and, and he,
you know,
he supports genocide and he was showing up at campaign rallies and they were
arresting him. He was anti right wing. I mean, he was,
he was anti what he thought was this globalist agenda.
He also infiltrated Bohemian Grove.
When everybody thought that Bohemian Grove was nonsense,
there's nothing really going on. He's like, no,
these really rich people are getting together with heads of state and foreign
dignitaries. And they're dressing up like Druids.
And they have an effigy that they burn in front of the owl. God Molek,
and people are like, he's crazy. Then the release is the video. And like,
oh my God, they really do do that. Like he did some good work.
The world trade organization protests in his, his video,
nine 11 a road to tyranny, right after nine 11,
he releases this video that shows that the world trade organization protests
were infiltrated by these agent provocateurs who were most likely government
agents with government agent boots on, by the way, shows this in the video,
they smash windows. They're all wearing masks and light things on fire.
Then there are, they all hole up in one house.
They negotiate with the police and they're all eventually released.
This is all done under, I mean, he proved all this.
He showed all how this is going. Like, look at these peaceful protestors.
Then the consequences of that.
They established a no protest line at the WTO where you couldn't go by
with a pin on,
if you tried to get through with a pin that said WTO with a red line through it,
they told you, you could not wear that pin. You can't come through here.
This is a no protest zone. And he's like,
this is the consequences of this kind of censorship.
And this is how they establish the censorship.
They make it seem like your organization is violent and dangerous by introducing
violent, dangerous elements in the, in the form of an, uh,
undercover police officers or military,
they smashed windows tip over newspapers stands,
and it was create chaos so that the government has to come in because now we
have a violent situation.
So then the military comes in and arrest protestors and silences the protests.
So they don't look embarrassing in front of all these people from foreign
countries that are coming here to the world trade organization. I just,
I didn't know.
He showed that, but dude, he look, he's not.
Wrong. Always. It was more right back then.
He was also more sane back then his, he was more measured and more calm.
It wasn't this. He didn't have the big moon face back then either.
And he wasn't drinking as much.
I don't think in the screaming and the spitting and, and, you know, you ask him,
he'll say, well, I'm just overwhelmed by the sheer volume of corruption,
all the that he sees every day. Look, do you remember?
He was crying when Trump bombed Syria, he was crying.
Cause he was crying that Trump us. You know? I mean, he,
I really genuinely believe most of the time that he means, well,
the, the, the thing is we look for conspiracies everywhere.
Like everything, that's a conspiracy, you're off track.
And I don't think there's anyone there that can sit down and go, whoa, stop,
hold on. Let's examine this in a factual way. Let's stop.
Cut the hyperbole out.
And let's look at what the facts are and where are we getting these facts?
And why do we think this is happening? Why do you think this is fake?
Cause that sounds crazy to me. No, one's there to do that.
If someone was there to do that,
I think he probably would be stopped and would examine things and would balance
out, you know,
like one of the reasons why I wanted to have him on my podcast when I did is
because I wanted people to see the Alex that I know cause people like,
how could you know that guy? I'm like,
look at how he is when I get them high and we get drunk and he's laughing about
stuff and talking about interdimensional, child molesters and all that. Like,
this is what I wanted everybody to see. Like this is Alex Jones. He's a fun guy.
It's just that that is not a good position to be in where
constantly looking for conspiracies, everywhere you go and you might nail a few,
but then you might call out a bunch of them that are fake,
which not just negates the ones that you nailed,
but negates everything you say as soon as you're one of those guys that
everything's a conspiracy. And then the dead kids, aren't really dead.
And everyone's an actor. And like everything that you say, that's good,
they're going to stop.